# Week 12 Blog Post

## Qute Browser Progress

This week, I focused on the pragmatic approach of finding and solving bugs; what I mean by this is that I dedicate a special 
sit down to use my downloaded developer version of Qute Browser and try to find ANY problems/bugs that I would be able to identify on 
the issue board. I ended up submitting an issue which comprised of two small bugs - there was a certain command that gave unwanted
behavior both on Mac and Linux.

Here is the issue submission (which was recently closed without making changes): https://github.com/qutebrowser/qutebrowser/issues/3850

Our team friend, @TheCompiler, said it wasn't necessary to code in a change as it would cause confusion - I do not think that is right but in the end,
it is their application and I am happy to have received an explanation as to why they closed it (after some debate).

My individual contributions for my team:
- 2 issue submissions
- 1 PR
- 1 PR merged!
- Lots of discussion on IRC with @TheCompiler (participation and involvement with project lead)

A thing to note is that Qute Browser is Python-based, a language I have 0 experience with - even with that, I have made a lot of contributions which proves that:
1) you do not have to be the most technical to contribute
2) you do not even have to code in the same overall language 
3) you can still make a difference in any project



## License 

The Qute Browser project uses the GPL-3.0 License, which is the GNU General Public License v3.0... with this licencse:
Permissions:
- Commercial use
- Modifications
- Distribution
- Patent use
- Private use

Limitations:
- Liability
- Warranty

Conditions:
- License and copyright use
- State Changes
- Disclose source
- Same license

I think the most relevant to individual contributos is the conditions tab... as the project is open source, one cannot fork it and change its set rules. According to the GPL license:
"  For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether
gratis or for a fee, you must pass on to the recipients the same
freedoms that you received.  You must make sure that they, too, receive
or can get the source code.  And you must show them these terms so they
know their rights."

This states that if you fork, you can use it for your own general and specific use but you MUST continue to follow the rules pre-set by the license and the main team. The forker cannot all of a sudden close-source the project, for example.
