---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

# Question 1

When I think about "open source", I think of Github. I think of a bunch of repositories and I think of the terms "pull" and "push" though I am not too sure what those do exactly.
Advantages of open source software are that it is free to distribute, use and modify. So basically anyone in the world can use the software and apply it to areas the original programmer had no intention of doing. It is open, so anyone can build on top of software or disassemble for core components.

Advantages of closed source software are that the code cannot be changed - as a change is prone to bring about bugs. So the use of the program/application is pre-outlined and there is nothing more to it. Making software closed source most probably means a specialized team worked with rigorous methods and constraints to bring a product to life. Which brings up a potential issue with open source...

Open source programming is prone to be messy. So many programmers from distint places and realms of knowledge can show in the code. There is no set style or format to go about projects so the resulting code may be really messy and intelligible to most people, which goes against the point of OSS.

# Question 2
Linux: I use Linux on my cryptocurrency mining rig. It is very handy and has proven to be the most stable OS for all kinds of projects for me. I tried switching to an alternative like Windows and was surprised to notice how vastly superior Linux is.

Firefox: I used to use Firefox on my very first PC and it was notable because it came along to compete with and replace Interet Explorer. Alternatives include other browsers that are closed source, for example Google Chrome.

Wordpress: I have tried to use Wordpress many times to start blogs for various reasons. This one is cool because it is open source for open source... so it facilitates the barriers of entry for people who want to write on the Internet.

Apache HTTP Server: Apache is currently used by 46% of websites in the world which is incredible... this means I have or probably am using Apache to type this.

# Questions for Tom

1. What are the notable/common legal issues that arise in open source communities/organizations?
2. How is consensus implemented in open source? For example, what happens if a community is divided on specific issues...
