# Week 5 - Blog Post

1. What type of things are you looking for when you select an open source project to work on?
  - I prefer for them to be humanitarian-solution-based projects, though I haven't really found one that I said, "This is the real deal".
  - I also make sure to look that the project is still active in that it has at least two active contributors and the project hasn't died years ago. Being new to open source, if projects have clear labels then I am way more likely to either take a deeper interest in them or look to contribute.
  - Another super important thing is whether the project has a good README.md and CONTRIBUTING.md - better yet, that the project has lots of comments and documentation is great. If a project has this, I feel like I can simply catch up and jump in.
  - Also, is the project a good idea. Simplest one.
  
2. What are you able to offer to the team that you will be working on for the project? (strengths)
  - I am a hard worker and a good teammate. I like to work through problems creatively which means I will throw lots of wacky
  ideas thoroughout the project that just may work out better than anyone expected. If I see my teammates are enthused and excited about the current project, I will only serve to reciprocate and match their levels of commitment - I do get very turned off though, if teammates do not look to be invested in the project (however big or small the project may be). If I feel like I am working alone then I do not work very well but if I feel the team is serious, then I work very well. 
  - I am respectful and professional, as I would be in a professional environment but I am also laid  back and like to work in a chill environment. Out of all team members, I will be the most willing to meet at the Laguardia Coop on the weekends and spend the whole day coding, thinking issues out, and being face to face. Or on finding any open time in our schedules to just get together and work.
  
3. What are you hoping to learn from on an open source project?
  - Basically, how to be a valued contributor for any project. I want to be able to change and fix the little hicks and issues that I encounter in my everyday life so open source is a good fit. 
  - I also want to the process of my own contributions being made better... there's something that distinguishes this unique action from a lot of other things on Earth - for someone to come in and say that this jumble of computer mumbo jumbo that you wrote is better with x is a really cool thought.
  
4. What are you most worried about when you are thinking about and planning to work on an open source project?
  - Will I understand their tech direction? Will I understand the concept? How easy is it to contribute?
  
  
5. Summize your contributions made this week, if any
  - I was assigned issue #50 which was 'class 5 in daily has wrong background'. The backgrounds should alternate from light gray to darker gray with each class #. 
  - I went ahead and asked to be given the issue even though I had the least idea how to fix it. I could never find the line that changed the backgrounds as my experience with HTML is very limited. It was kind of a nice coincidence that I learned about COMMAND+SHIFT+C through working on a project for my Software Engineering course - with that tool, I was able to analyze the broken website and find the proper fix! It was to simply fix one line in 05.markdown from class=lecture 2 to class=lecture 1. Still, I do not know how to test locally... I tried using Jekyll and even grip as specified in CONTRIBUTING.md but they did not work. I know that my fix is right but I have found no reliable way of testing locally so that I can go ahead and make a pull request from my forked repo.
