# Blog Post - Week 8


# Humanitarian Open Source
- I recently got involved with a project that is called 'Codeando México' (Coding Mexico). Their mission is to work with social groups
in order to identify pain points in the community and attempt to find solutions for them using tech. They are an open source umbrella organization
meaning anyone can contribute to their projects and propose new ones. I hope that this organization can really get involved with the
society in Mexico, which direly needs solutions.
- Another interesting fact about tech in Mexico is that the federal budget for tech purposes (usually goes to paying for licenses) is that
of 43 billion dollars - an outstanding figure considering the state of Mexico's tech.

Here is their website: https://www.codeandomexico.org/

- I think you could make the argument that all open source projects are humanitarian (though this is a major stretch). Open source means
every individual having a say right? Then this means that every human having a say within the projects is helping the community around them and 
themselves by contributing fixes specific to that individual, which will in turn help the community - and this should continue in a cycle. 
I think this humanitarianism is an underlying principle of the open source movement.

- The more outwardly humanitarian open source projects are awesome. When we were looking for projects as a team, I stumbled across one 
named 'Akvo' - they focus on bridging the problems that international organizations have (transparency, governance) with tech infrastructure by 
writing the tools necessary to be able to collect and publish data safely and responsibly. 


# Group Progress 
- My group is still in the progress of laying out the roadmap.
- As an individual, I need to get my environment set up so that I can work with Qute Browser devving and testing.
