

# Week 7 Blog Post

This week, I went to the Open Data Week event held by BUGS organization at NYU. I wanted to specifically go to this one because I wanted 
to see the organizational structure of BUGS as I run another technical-driven club at NYU (Blockchain Lab @ NYU).

The event was quite enjoyable. The panelists were well versed in open data discussion and knowledge. I particularly liked on of the panelists;
her name was Dinorah. She mentioned she was from Mexico and about how she was part of a group that had used open data to pinpoint all cartel-related
deaths in the state of Nuevo Leon but ultimately had to swipe and take down the project for security reasons.

I thought that was really interesting. I always thought there were no projects like this in Mexico (projects with a base in software engineering or data science) - so I approached Dinorah and introduced myself. She was really nice and I asked whether there were any other ongoing open data projects in my country; she told me to shoot her an email. After some correspondence, I am now in contact with the president of the organization 'Codeando Mexico' - their mission is to create tech to build a better country - one I can 100% get behind. I was glad I approached Dinorah as I am now in talks of how we can get a project going in my city of Tijuana (one with lots of corruption + crime). 

The other event I was scheduled and RSVPd to attend is 'Talk Data To Me' which was rescheduled till April because of the storm on that day. I will update my blog post on the respective week when I attend.
