# Part 1

I volunteered to resolve https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/50 though I have no idea what to edit to make the backround go back to a white color (so that it alternates as the original website did). 

If I am assigned this issue, I guess I will just edit the md file until something happens to the background color and go from there.


# Part 2

I signed up for CodeTriage. Was weary at first because when you sign up, you need to give authorization which entails giving CT "access to read private emails". I emailed P. Klukowska just in case and she replied it was basically normal procedure so that CodeTriage can access private communications with Github. 

Anyway, I signed up for two projects:
- youtube.dl: a small command-line program to download videos from Youtube.com and other video sites
- fontforge: a font editor

I signed up for the youtube.dl project because I used to download lots of videos from youtube using spammy sites like youtube2mp4.com and such... it would be really cool to just open up a terminal and download a Youtube video at your own whim.

There's not much to the font editor. I ended up signing up because Steve Jobs was a font NUT - so I must be one too :).

I received issues from both in my email.

One particular one that caught my eye was in the fontforge - a user reported an issue with color layering. Though the issue was prematurely closed because everyone said it worked fine on their respective platforms but people with the same platform as the user came to his defense and requested the issue be re-opened as it was not really solved... it was lazily solved really. 

I checked out some of the youtube.dl ones and they seemed pretty complex to me honestly. They don't label their issues too much in that project, which is something that caught my eye.

I definitely see the value in a platform like CodeTriage though... if you are a project in development, you WANT to be on CT.

Did not take action, ultimately. (Yet)
