# Course Reflection

## What I Learned
I believe I successfully extracted my main goal of this course: to actually understand the concept of 'open source'. Learning its history and quite obvious utility was a great way for me to see how it can be really advantageous to develop systems in this way - open source also coincides with a lot of what my concentration is centered around: technocratically-built systems are a thing of the past; open source provides a framework to develop inclusive and sophisticated solutions to problems.

I discovered how to ACTUALLY participate and contribute to an open source project - I couldn't believe that I executed a change, albeit a very minor one, and it was received well by a completely stranger community and merged into their project.

I came into the class with very little confidence and a bit intimidated. I now feel very comfortable navigating open source projects and knowing what information to seek out to be best informed at all points of development.

I also learned that there is real compensation and money production even in open source themed companies (Mozilla, Google).

The MAIN thing I took away, and I think really felt unique to me is: the vital importance of harvesting data from the developer community in a project. I would not have contributed as much as I did to my team if I hadn't been the main point of contact between the main developers and my own teammates. I found it very enjoyable to seek out respective projects' communication channels and infiltrate them with respectful questions and comments to ultimately learn more about the project and pave a path for more streamlined participation and contributions. I feel I am a better developer because of this.

Technical: I 100% feel much better working with Git and Github and actually like working with Git from the terminal.

## What I Wish I Had Learned
How to better contribute code to open source - not just documentation. How to work better with all the files and documents in my course repo.

## What I Would Remove from the Class
Weekly blog posts weren't the most fun but I wouldn't remove them. Keeps me coming back to the course material and is great for record keeping.

The only thing I would remove is the team project component of the course, or refine it.

## What I Would Add to the Class
Workshops. Challenges would be cool - maybe there is a class session to see which team or individual can find and fix a certain bug (that you, the instructor, has previous knowledge of).
