# Blog Post - Week 10

# Data Week Events

- I just inquired with Joanna to see if she will let me go to tomorrow's BUGS meeting and take credit for it as my open data week event.
- The day the event 'Talk Data To Me' was rescheduled to was very busy for me so I was unable to attend.

# Reflection on Google Engineer 

- I actually did not initially know the real stance Google takes on open source. It was good to learn that they are indeed very open to it and actively work on open source projects by throwing their tremendous infrastructure at them. 

# Report on Team Progress + Individual

- Team: As a team, I think we have gotten good at identifying important indivuals of the community and interacting with them. Identification of issues is something I think we are good at.

- Invidual: I am taking the approach of trying to make projects be more friendly to newbie contributors and users such as myself; in this way it is quite easy to identify issues that qualify as very complex when they can be very simple. I went through the full contribution cycle with Qute Browser.
-  I identified an issue ; The machine I was using to install and run the Qute Browser application was a Linux distro running Ubuntu 16.04. For this specific build (and most others, I noticed), the user had to go through very specific tasks to go through full installation. The commands were hidden into the sentences and not clearly visible. I ended up looking for the final application launch command for about 10 minutes until I found it hidden under an irrelevant tab. Thus, I submitted an issue saying the commands should be easier to find for newbies such as myself.

https://github.com/qutebrowser/qutebrowser/issues/3799

- I claimed the issue.

- I submitted a PR and it was merged by the team - they even thanked me for my contribution! I submitted my PR the open source way - made a fork of the main repo onto my individual account; made the changes on my local machine and pushed them to my fork to test. Everything checked out so I submitted a PR from my fork.

https://github.com/qutebrowser/qutebrowser/pull/3820

# Code of Conduct for Go

- I think projects on Github, especially open source ones with a wide range of potential and active contributors, can certainly stand to benefit from all having a standard code of conduct or contributing.md document. My other projects that are based on Github all have a CONTRIBUTING.md document that clearly states the way you should interact with each specific project - that is very important so that there are no unnecesary miscommunications which would surely cost time and resources. My team didn't have one but I just drafted a revised version from another code of conduct I myself had written for another project: https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/qutebrowser-team/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md

- Even Dana said that it was vitally important to follow code of conduct when contributing in open source projects. If you think about it, it makes total sense; when you switch roles to a project owner, why in the world would you do anything but block anyone trying to be rude and not contribute respectfully to your project.
